(music) This video will show you 
how to correctly use the required personal 
protective equipment when using transmission 
based airborne precautions. Transmission based precautions
 are used in addition to standard precautions
 in two situations. The first is when using
standard precautions alone may not be enough to prevent 
transmission of infectious agents. The second is where
the infectious agent is a pathogen of
concern in health care. There are three main types of
transmission based precautions. Contact, Droplet and
Airborne precautions. Airborne precautions are used
for patients known or suspected of having an airborne
transmitted infection such as Chicken Pox, Pulmonary Tuberculosis or Measles. For a person under airborne precautions
you must wear a P2 or N95 mask. Before you enter
the patient's room remove your prescription
glasses if you wear them. Perform hand hygiene. (music) Remove the P2 or N95
mask from the box. Separate the edges of
the mask to fully open it. Slightly bend the nose wire
to form a gentle curve. Hold the mask upside down
to expose the two headbands. Using your index
fingers and thumbs separate the two headbands. Cup the mask under your chin and pull the headbands
up and over your head. Position and lower headband
at the base of your neck making sure the band
is below your ears. Position the upper headband
on the crown of your head. The band should run just 
above the top of your ears. Gently press the nose
piece to conform to the bridge of your
nose and cheekbones by pressing down with
fingers until it fits snugly. Continue to adjust
the edges of the mask until you feel you have
achieved a good facial fit. You now need to
perform a fit check. It is important to do a fit check every
time you put on a P2 or N95 mask and before you enter
the patient care area. This is to ensure the mask
is sealed around your face before you enter the room. Forcefully inhale and
exhale several times. The mask should collapse
slightly when you inhale and expand when you exhale. You should not feel any air leaking
 between your face and the mask. Adjust your mask if necessary. (music) Put on your prescription
glasses if you wear them. When you leave the patient's room perform hand hygiene. Remove prescription 
glasses if you wear them. Perform hand hygiene. Using your index finger and thumbs pull the lower headband up
to meet the upper headband on the top of your head. While leaning forward pull the
headbands up and over your head removing the mask from your face. Holding onto the elastic headbands placed the mask directly
into the waste bin without touching the
outside or inside surfaces of the mask or your face. Perform hand hygiene. (music)